Add steps to customize path to galaxy installation directory (#670)
FredHutch/wiki: _compdemos/galaxy-on-prem.md

-> in the upper right search for fhcrc.org
and then click Remove all shown and restart Chrome

### Could not find a link to PI - Non-Standard Galaxy Directory

If toolbox is unable to identify your PI you may get a message like:

```
"Could not find a link to PI or division for user: alice. Please contact SciComp.
Folder  does not exist or is not writable"
```

> In these cases identify the path to the galaxy installation- it is typically a path like `/fh/fast/<pi_d>/user/<username>/galaxies`.  Set the environment variable `GALAXY_DIR` to this path and run `galaxy` as usual:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default location for galaxy installations is a directory named `galaxies` in your `fast` drive.
The path to this directory generally follows this format:`/fh/fast/<pi_d>/user/<username>/galaxies`.  
You can specify this path as the location to install galaxy by running the following code in your shell:
```

```
export GALAXY_DIR=/fh/fast/foo_b/user/alice/galaxies
galaxy
```

> This can also be used to create galaxy installations in non-standard locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above set the environment variable `GALAXY_DIR` to the path before running `galaxy` as usual.
This can also be used to create galaxy installations in non-standard locations.
```
